{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11860\viewh8740\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 PROJECT: Tighten and finalize the SAVE-THE-DATE page on Zach & Erika\'92s wedding website.\
\
GOAL\
Refine the current save-the-date page so it reads more naturally, removes a little repetition, improves field wording, and feels polished and intentional. This page should remain a SAVE-THE-DATE / mailing info page \'97 not a final RSVP page.\
\
WEDDING DETAILS\
- Couple: Zach & Erika\
- Date: Monday, October 5, 2026\
- Venue: The Bungalow\
- Address: 235 S 100 W St, Pleasant Grove, UT 84062\
\
CURRENT STATE\
The page is already much better and now correctly functions as a save-the-date / mailing info page. It no longer feels like a final RSVP page. The remaining work is mostly tightening copy, improving wording, and making the page slightly cleaner.\
\
WHAT TO CHANGE\
\
1. KEEP THE CURRENT PAGE PURPOSE\
This page should remain for:\
- save-the-date traffic\
- mailing info collection\
- soft attendance estimate\
\
This page should NOT become:\
- final RSVP page\
- meal selection page\
- full guest intake page\
\
2. KEEP THE CURRENT LAYOUT AND DESIGN DIRECTION\
- Keep the same overall look and visual style\
- Keep the background image\
- Keep the two-column feel\
- Keep the form card on the right\
- Keep the page aesthetically aligned with the existing wedding website\
\
Do NOT redesign from scratch.\
\
3. KEEP THE MAIN HEADLINE\
Keep:\
\'93Please Save the Date\'94\
\
4. TIGHTEN THE INTRO COPY\
Replace the current paragraph with this exact wording:\
\
\'93Zach and Erika are getting married. Please save the date and share your mailing address so we can send your formal invitation closer to the wedding.\'94\
\
This reads more naturally than \'93mailing information\'94 and feels less stiff.\
\
5. REMOVE REPETITIVE FORMAL INVITATION LANGUAGE\
If the page currently repeats the \'93formal invitation later\'94 message twice, remove one of them.\
\
Preferred approach:\
- Keep the \'93formal invitation closer to the wedding\'94 wording in the main intro paragraph\
- Remove the separate extra line under the event details that repeats the same idea\
\
6. KEEP EVENT DETAILS VISIBLE\
Keep this visible on the page:\
- Zach & Erika\'92s Wedding\
- Monday, October 5, 2026\
- The Bungalow\
- 235 S 100 W St, Pleasant Grove, UT 84062\
\
7. IMPROVE THE ATTENDANCE QUESTION\
Change the field label from:\
\'93Likely Able to Attend?\'94\
\
To:\
\'93Are You Likely to Attend?\'94\
\
This reads more naturally while still making clear this is only an early estimate, not a final RSVP.\
\
8. SHORTEN THE PHYSICAL INVITE QUESTION\
Change the field label from:\
\'93Would you like a physical invitation mailed to you?\'94\
\
To:\
\'93Would You Like a Mailed Invitation?\'94\
\
This is cleaner and easier to scan.\
\
9. KEEP THE BUTTON TEXT\
Keep:\
\'93Send Mailing Info\'94\
\
This is strong and already fits the page well.\
\
10. CHECK THE SUCCESS STATE\
If possible, improve the post-submit confirmation experience.\
\
Instead of only a generic \'93Success!\'94 message, add or support a more intentional confirmation message such as:\
\'93Thanks \'97 your mailing info has been received. We\'92ll send your formal invitation closer to the wedding.\'94\
\
If the built-in form tool limits this, keep the default success box but make sure it only appears after submission and does not clutter the page before submit.\
\
11. IMPROVE TEXT READABILITY ON THE LEFT SIDE\
The left-side text is close to getting visually lost against the background image.\
\
Please make a minor readability improvement without redesigning the page. Possible options:\
- slightly darken the overlay behind the left-side content\
- slightly increase contrast behind the text\
- add a very subtle translucent backing for the left-side text block\
\
Choose the lightest-touch solution that improves readability while preserving the aesthetic.\
\
12. KEEP THE FORM FIELDS AS THEY ARE NOW\
Keep these fields:\
- First Name\
- Last Name\
- Email\
- Street Address\
- Apartment / Suite (optional)\
- City\
- State / Province\
- ZIP / Postal Code\
- Country\
- Are You Likely to Attend?\
- Would You Like a Mailed Invitation?\
\
Do NOT re-add:\
- phone number\
- country code\
- text permission\
- message to the couple\
- RSVP deadline\
- final RSVP language\
\
FINAL OUTPUT NEEDED\
Please provide:\
1. Final tightened save-the-date page copy\
2. Updated field labels\
3. Any minor styling adjustments for readability/polish\
4. Updated code for the page without removing the current design language\
\
IMPORTANT\
- Do NOT turn this back into a final RSVP page\
- Do NOT add hard RSVP language\
- Do NOT add an RSVP deadline\
- This is final polish/tightening work, not a rebuild}